Part 1 – Debugging Scenario
Design a debugging scenario in the spirit and style of the ones above. Write your report as a conversation on EdStem. It should have:

The original post from a student with a screenshot showing a symptom and a description of a guess at the bug/some sense of what the failure-inducing input is. (Don’t actually make the post; just write the content that would go in such a post)
A response from a TA asking a leading question or suggesting a command to try (To be clear, you are mimicking a TA here.)
Another screenshot/terminal output showing what information the student got from trying that, and a clear description of what the bug is.
At the end, all the information needed about the setup including:
The file & directory structure needed
The contents of each file before fixing the bug
The full command line (or lines) you ran to trigger the bug
A description of what to edit to fix the bug
 Describing the bug should involve reading some output at the terminal resulting from running one or more commands. Design an error that produces more interesting output than a single message about a syntax or unbound identifier error – showcase some interesting wrong behavior! Feel free to set this up by cloning and breaking some existing code like the grading script or code from class, or by designing something of your own from scratch, etc.

Part 2 – Reflection
In a couple of sentences, describe something you learned from your lab experience in the second half of this quarter that you didn’t know before. It could be a technical topic we addressed specifically, something cool you found out on your own building on labs, something you learned from a tutor or classmate, and so on. It doesn’t have to be specifically related to a lab writeup, we just want to hear about cool things you learned!

Post
What environment are you using (computer, operating system, web browser, terminal/editor, and so on)?
I'm using Mac computer, VS code
Detail the symptom you're seeing. Be specific; include both what you're seeing and what you expected to see instead. Screenshots are great, copy-pasted terminal output is also great. Avoid saying “it doesn't work”.
When I try to run my program, the terminal prints: "Exception in thread "main" java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 0 out of bounds for length 0
 at Calc.main(Calc.java:8)"

Detail the failure-inducing input and context. That might mean any or all of the command you're running, a test case, command-line arguments, working directory, even the last few commands you ran. Do your best to provide as much context as you can.

I just tried running, there were no other commands in the terminal before I wrote javac Calc.java

Responce of TA: 

The bug in this code arises beacuse you didn't provide a command-line argument for n. This leads to an ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException since you are trying to access the first element of the args array without checking its length.
To fix the bug, you need to validate the command-line arguments and provide a proper error message if no argument is provided.


Code and terminal after change:


Bash file:

